Add experimental POETRY_REQUESTS_TIMEOUT option (#7081)
python-poetry/poetry: docs/faq.md

For example, if Poetry builds a distribution for a project that uses a version that is not valid according to
[PEP 440](https://peps.python.org/pep-0440), third party tools will be unable to parse the version correctly.

### My requests are timing out!

Poetry's default HTTP request time out is 15 seconds, the same as `pip`.
Similar to `PIP_REQUESTS_TIMEOUT`, the experimental environment variable `POETRY_REQUESTS_TIMEOUT`
can be set to alter this value. As this environment variable is **unstable**, it may be removed in the future, but

> not before being replaced with a permanent alternative.

Author: Dropped as suggested

Note that it is almost always better to debug network stability than to blindly increase

> the request timeout -- the timeout controls how long it Poetry waits to establish a HTTP

Reviewer: I agree, we should be more accurate here. I'm not even sure if debugging network stability really helps. I'm not sure about this, but from observation I believe a read timeout can also occur when the server is overloaded. IMO we'd better omit this paragraph entirely if we don't know how to write it correctly.

> the request timeout -- the timeout controls how long it Poetry waits to establish a HTTP

Author: Deleted. Didn't know how to rephrase it better (or what to suggest instead).

The two key options we are using here are `--no-root` (skips installing the project source) and `--no-directory` (skips installing any local directory path dependencies, you can omit this if you don't have any).
[More information on the options available for `poetry install`]({{< relref "cli#install" >}}).

### My requests are timing out!

> Poetry's default HTTP request time out is 15 seconds, the same as `pip`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Poetry's default HTTP request timeout is 15 seconds, the same as `pip`.
```

Just noticed in the generated docs.

Author: Fixed

Similar to `PIP_REQUESTS_TIMEOUT`, the experimental environment variable `POETRY_REQUESTS_TIMEOUT`

> can be set to alter this value. This environment variable is **unstable**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can be set to alter this value.
```

The previous sentence already says _"experimental environment variable"_. You could emphasize **experimental** if you like. IMO, that's sufficient. The last sentence could also be understood to mean that setting the environment variable does not work reliably.

Author: Done
